It was ridiculous. I I just couldn't
believe it. And it was because it was
written assembly, but nobody takes the
time
>> to do it. So, if we get to that point,
which I think we will, that'll be
amazing because now, yeah, we just talk
to LM just like you and I.
>> Yep.
>> They build the stuff, but they build it
much better. So, that means data
centers, much less usage, etc., etc. So,
there's a lot of things downstream
>> and and I think this is this is the
lynch pin for me, right? A lot of this
is like I had this epiphany today. I'm
like, "Oh my goodness, we're done." Like
like it's not that we're done
programming. It's that we're done
building things. We're done in any way.
None of that is going away. What we've
just hit is we've just hit a massive
unlock on hyperefficiency on app
building and we talk to it in our
language and the compiler now is now the
large language models.